Document Workflow Update internals (#6448)
temporalio/temporal: docs/architecture/effect-package.md

> # `effect` package
> 
> ## Motivation
> Acceptance or completion of Workflow Update involves 2 steps:
> 1. Corresponding history events need to be created together with mutable state updates (persistence operation),
> 2. Caller of `UpdateWorkflowExecution` API should get be unblocked with Update results.
> 
> In Temporal persistence updates are accumulated during execution of operation/handler and actual
> write is performed at the very end of the operation. The write operation can fail which means
> that caller of `UpdateWorkflowExecution` API can't be unblocked until write succeeded. The naive
> approach would be to split 2 steps above, and, first, create events and update mutable state, and, then,
> after successfully write unblock caller. This is not great because the code of these 2 steps is highly
> coupled, and it is better to have it in one place. Also adding more condition and branched
> to already complicated `RespondWorkflowTaskCompleted` API handler must be avoided. 
> 
> Instead, `effect` package was introduced. `effect.Buffer` struct collects a set of callbacks
> (same way as mutable state collects persistence updates), and expose method to `Apply()` or `Cancel()`
> them.
> 
> For each operation, two callbacks should be registered: one for a success case, and one in case if
> operation needs to be canceled. Then `Apply()` method should be called right after first operation
> succeeds and `Cancel()` if it failed (usually in `deffer` block). Order of execution is the same
> as register order for `Apply()`, and reversed for `Cancel()`.
> 
> > #### NOTE
> > It is important to point out that `effect` package doesn't provide any transaction guarantees.
> > For example `effect.Buffer` can be partially applied (or not applied at all) after persistence
> > operation completed successfully (which is acceptable for a Workflow Update case).  
> 
> ## Usage
> This package was created for Workflow Update feature, and currently used only there. It is not coupled
> with Workflow Update though, and can be used anywhere where delayed execution is required. 
> 
> > #### TODO
> > `workflowTaskResponseMutation` is one of the candidates to migrate to `effect` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# `effect` package

## Motivation
When processing an operation, Temporal's persistence accumulates changes to the mutable state and only
commits them to the database at the end of the operation. For an Update Workflow, the caller of the
`UpdateWorkflowExecution` API can only be unblocked after the database write has successfully completed, ensuring that the update is durable.

Unblocking the caller immediately after processing the worker's Update result in `RespondWorkflowTaskCompleted` would introduce a poor design by tightly coupling these two separate concerns.

To address this, the effect package was introduced.

## How it works
`effect.Buffer` allows to accumulate callbacks - in the same way persistence
accumulates changes - and exposes methods to `Apply()` or `Cancel()` them.

For each operation, two callbacks should be registered: one for the success case, and one for when 
the operation needs to be canceled. Then, the `Apply()` method should be called right after the
operation succeeded - or `Cancel()` when it failed (usually in the `defer` block). The order the callbacks
are executed in is the same order they were registered when using `Apply()`, and reversed for `Cancel()`.

#### NOTE
> It is important to note that the `effect` package doesn't provide any transactional guarantees.
> For example, the callbacks in `effect.Buffer` can be partially applied (or not applied at all)
> after the persistence write completed successfully (which is acceptable for a Workflow Update case).  

## Usage
This package was created specifically for the Workflow Update feature, and is currently used only there.
It is not coupled with Workflow Update, though, and can be used anywhere where delayed execution is required. 

> #### TODO
> `workflowTaskResponseMutation` is one of the candidates to migrate to `effect` package.
```
